THAT’S WHY HE’S THE LEAD GUEST TONIGHT AND MIGHT MAKE NEWS
TONIGHT AND MIGHT MAKE NEWS TONIGHT.
TONIGHT. >> ON THE EDGE OF MY SEAT.
>> ON THE EDGE OF MY SEAT. >> MICHAEL COHEN WILL BE
>> MICHAEL COHEN WILL BE TESTIFYING ONCE AGAIN TOMORROW
TESTIFYING ONCE AGAIN TOMORROW AT A CLOSED SESSION OF THE HOUSE
AT A CLOSED SESSION OF THE HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE AND
INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE AND MICHAEL COHEN’S LAWYER LANNY
MICHAEL COHEN’S LAWYER LANNY DAVIS WILL BE OUR FIRST GUEST
DAVIS WILL BE OUR FIRST GUEST TONIGHT.
TONIGHT. WHEN MICHAEL COHEN SPEAKS
WHEN MICHAEL COHEN SPEAKS INVESTIGATORS AROUND THE COUNTRY
INVESTIGATORS AROUND THE COUNTRY TAKE NOTES AND GO TO WORK.
TAKE NOTES AND GO TO WORK. "THE NEW YORK TIMES" IS
"THE NEW YORK TIMES" IS REPORTING TONIGHT THAT NEW YORK
REPORTING TONIGHT THAT NEW YORK STATE INSURANCE REGULATORS ARE
STATE INSURANCE REGULATORS ARE INVESTIGATING PRESIDENT TRUMP
INVESTIGATING PRESIDENT TRUMP AND HIS COMPANY BECAUSE OF
AND HIS COMPANY BECAUSE OF MICHAEL COHEN’S ANSWERS TO
MICHAEL COHEN’S ANSWERS TO CONGRESSWOMAN ALEXANDRIA CORTEZ.
CONGRESSWOMAN ALEXANDRIA CORTEZ. >> HAVE THEY INFLATEED TO AN
>> HAVE THEY INFLATEED TO AN INSURANCE COMPANY?
INSURANCE COMPANY? >> YES.
>> YES. >> WHO ELSE KNOWS THAT THE
>> WHO ELSE KNOWS THAT THE PRESIDENT DID THIS?
PRESIDENT DID THIS? >> WEISSELBERG, CALE MARRY.
>> WEISSELBERG, CALE MARRY. >> "THE NEW YORK TIMES" SAYS NEW
>> "THE NEW YORK TIMES" SAYS NEW YORK STATE REGULATORS ISSUED AN
YORK STATE REGULATORS ISSUED AN EXTRA PANS SIEVE SAYEXPANSIVE FI
EXTRA PANS SIEVE SAYEXPANSIVE FI THE INSURANCE POLICIES EXCLAIMS
THE INSURANCE POLICIES EXCLAIMS INVOLVING PRESIDENT TRUMP’S
INVOLVING PRESIDENT TRUMP’S FAMILY BUSINESS ACCORDING TO A
FAMILY BUSINESS ACCORDING TO A PERSON BRIEFED ON THE MATTER.
PERSON BRIEFED ON THE MATTER. "THE NEW YORK TIMES" ALSO
"THE NEW YORK TIMES" ALSO REPORTS THAT THE NINE-PAGE
REPORTS THAT THE NINE-PAGE SUBPOENA DEMAND AS BROAD RANGE
SUBPOENA DEMAND AS BROAD RANGE OF MATERIALS DATING BACK TO
OF MATERIALS DATING BACK TO 2009.
2009. THE SUBPOENA DEMANDS COPIES OF
THE SUBPOENA DEMANDS COPIES OF ALL COMMUNICATIONS BETWEEN AN
ALL COMMUNICATIONS BETWEEN AN INSURANCE BROKER AND DONALD
INSURANCE BROKER AND DONALD TRUMP AND THE TRUMP
TRUMP AND THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION, STATE AND FEDERAL
ORGANIZATION, STATE AND FEDERAL INVESTIGATORS ARE NOT THE ONLY
INVESTIGATORS ARE NOT THE ONLY ONES THAT FOUND MICHAEL COHEN’S
ONES THAT FOUND MICHAEL COHEN’S TESTIMONY CREDIBLE ENOUGH TO
TESTIMONY CREDIBLE ENOUGH TO REQUIRE FURTHER INVESTIGATION, A
REQUIRE FURTHER INVESTIGATION, A NEW POLL SHOWS THAT 50% OF
NEW POLL SHOWS THAT 50% OF VOTERS BELIEVE MICHAEL COHEN NOW
VOTERS BELIEVE MICHAEL COHEN NOW MORE THAN THEY BELIEVE PRESIDENT
MORE THAN THEY BELIEVE PRESIDENT TRUMP WITH ONLY 35% BELIEVE
TRUMP WITH ONLY 35% BELIEVE PRESIDENT TRUMP MORE THAN THEY
PRESIDENT TRUMP MORE THAN THEY BELIEVE MICHAEL COHEN.
BELIEVE MICHAEL COHEN. THAT SAME POLL SHOWS THAT 64% OF
THAT SAME POLL SHOWS THAT 64% OF VOTERS BELIEVE THAT PRESIDENT
VOTERS BELIEVE THAT PRESIDENT TRUMP COMMITTED CRIMES BEFORE HE
TRUMP COMMITTED CRIMES BEFORE HE TOOK OFFICE.
TOOK OFFICE. ONLY 24% DO NOT BELIEVE THE
ONLY 24% DO NOT BELIEVE THE PRESIDENT COMMITTED CRIMES
PRESIDENT COMMITTED CRIMES BEFORE HE TOOK OFFICE.
BEFORE HE TOOK OFFICE. 45% OF VOTERS BELIEVE THAT THE
45% OF VOTERS BELIEVE THAT THE PRESIDENT HAS COMMITTED CRIMES
PRESIDENT HAS COMMITTED CRIMES WHILE IN OFFICE.
WHILE IN OFFICE. 43% DO NOT BELIEVE THAT THE
43% DO NOT BELIEVE THAT THE PRESIDENT HAS COMMITTED CRIMES
PRESIDENT HAS COMMITTED CRIMES WHILE IN OFFICE.
WHILE IN OFFICE. MICHAEL COHEN PROVIDED THE HOUSE
MICHAEL COHEN PROVIDED THE HOUSE OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE EVIDENCE
OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE EVIDENCE THAT PRESIDENT TRUMP HAS INDEED
THAT PRESIDENT TRUMP HAS INDEED COMMITTED CRIMES BOTH BEFORE HE
COMMITTED CRIMES BOTH BEFORE HE TOOK OFFICE DURING HIS
TOOK OFFICE DURING HIS PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN AND WHILE
PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN AND WHILE IN OFFICE AS PRESIDENT.
IN OFFICE AS PRESIDENT. THAT EVIDENCE CAME IN THE FORM
THAT EVIDENCE CAME IN THE FORM OF CHECKS DELIVERED TO MICHAEL
OF CHECKS DELIVERED TO MICHAEL COHEN FROM PRESIDENT TRUMP
COHEN FROM PRESIDENT TRUMP INCLUDING ONE THAT WAS SIGNED IN
INCLUDING ONE THAT WAS SIGNED IN THE WHITE HOUSE BY THE
THE WHITE HOUSE BY THE PRESIDENT.
PRESIDENT. MICHAEL COHEN TESTIFIED THAT
MICHAEL COHEN TESTIFIED THAT THOSE CHECKS WERE PART OF AN
THOSE CHECKS WERE PART OF AN ILLEGAL PAY OFF SCHEME TO STORMY
ILLEGAL PAY OFF SCHEME TO STORMY DANIELS TO BUY HER SILENCE ABOUT
DANIELS TO BUY HER SILENCE ABOUT HER AFFAIR WITH DONALD TRUMP
HER AFFAIR WITH DONALD TRUMP DURING THE PRESIDENTIAL
DURING THE PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN.
CAMPAIGN. >> IN FEBRUARY OF 2017, ONE
>> IN FEBRUARY OF 2017, ONE MONTH INTO HIS PRESIDENCY, I’M
MONTH INTO HIS PRESIDENCY, I’M VISITING PRESIDENT TRUMP IN THE
VISITING PRESIDENT TRUMP IN THE OVAL OFFICE FOR THE FIRST TIME
OVAL OFFICE FOR THE FIRST TIME AND HE SAYS TO ME SOMETHING TO
AND HE SAYS TO ME SOMETHING TO THE EFFECT OF DON’T WORRY
THE EFFECT OF DON’T WORRY MICHAEL, YOUR JANUARY AND
MICHAEL, YOUR JANUARY AND FEBRUARY REIMBURSEMENT CHECKS
FEBRUARY REIMBURSEMENT CHECKS ARE COMING.
ARE COMING. THEY WERE FEDEXED FROM NEW YORK
THEY WERE FEDEXED FROM NEW YORK AND IT TAKES AWHILE FOR THAT TO
AND IT TAKES AWHILE FOR THAT TO GET THROUGH THE WHITE HOUSE
GET THROUGH THE WHITE HOUSE SYSTEM.
SYSTEM. AS HE PROMISED, I RECEIVED THE
AS HE PROMISED, I RECEIVED THE FIRST CHECK FOR $70,000 NOT LONG
FIRST CHECK FOR $70,000 NOT LONG THEREAFTER.
THEREAFTER. >> HERE IS THAT FEBRUARY CHECK
>> HERE IS THAT FEBRUARY CHECK FOR $70,000 WHICH COVERED TWO
FOR $70,000 WHICH COVERED TWO MONTHS OF THE AGREED UPON
MONTHS OF THE AGREED UPON PAYMENT OF $35,000 A MONTH TO
PAYMENT OF $35,000 A MONTH TO MICHAEL COHEN TO REIMBURSE HIM
MICHAEL COHEN TO REIMBURSE HIM FOR THE MONEY THAT HE PAID TO
FOR THE MONEY THAT HE PAID TO STORMY DANIELS.
STORMY DANIELS. NOTE THAT THIS CHECK CAME FROM
NOTE THAT THIS CHECK CAME FROM THE DONALD J. TRUMP TRUST
THE DONALD J. TRUMP TRUST ACCOUNT.
ACCOUNT. THE TRUST ACCOUNT.
THE TRUST ACCOUNT. THAT CHECK IS SIGNED BY THE
THAT CHECK IS SIGNED BY THE TRUMP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
TRUMP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER ALAN WEISSELBERG AND DONALD
ALAN WEISSELBERG AND DONALD TRUMP JUNIOR.
TRUMP JUNIOR. MICHAEL COHEN RECEIVED ANOTHER
MICHAEL COHEN RECEIVED ANOTHER CHECK WITH THE SAME SIGNATURES
CHECK WITH THE SAME SIGNATURES FROM THE SAME TRUST ACCOUNT A
FROM THE SAME TRUST ACCOUNT A MONTH LATER FOR HIS MONTHLY
MONTH LATER FOR HIS MONTHLY PAYMENT OF $35,000.
PAYMENT OF $35,000. AND THE CHECK THAT MICHAEL COHEN
AND THE CHECK THAT MICHAEL COHEN PRODUCED IN LAST WEEK’S HEARING
PRODUCED IN LAST WEEK’S HEARING WITH DONALD TRUMP’S SIGNATURE
WITH DONALD TRUMP’S SIGNATURE WAS WRITTEN SIX MONTHS INTO THE
WAS WRITTEN SIX MONTHS INTO THE TRUMP PRESIDENCY AND CAME FROM A
TRUMP PRESIDENCY AND CAME FROM A DIFFERENT ACCOUNT, WHAT APPEARS
DIFFERENT ACCOUNT, WHAT APPEARS TO BE A PERSONAL CHECKING
TO BE A PERSONAL CHECKING ACCOUNT OF DONALD J. TRUMP, THE
ACCOUNT OF DONALD J. TRUMP, THE ACCOUNTS USED TO PAY THESE
ACCOUNTS USED TO PAY THESE CHECKS ARE AN IMPORTANT ELEMENT
CHECKS ARE AN IMPORTANT ELEMENT OF THIS STORY, WHICH WE WILL
OF THIS STORY, WHICH WE WILL EXPLORE IN A MOMENT WITH MICHAEL
EXPLORE IN A MOMENT WITH MICHAEL COHEN’S LAWYER LANNY DAVIS.
COHEN’S LAWYER LANNY DAVIS. ONE OF THE LEAST IMPORTANT
ONE OF THE LEAST IMPORTANT MANNERS MICHAEL COHEN TESTIFIED
MANNERS MICHAEL COHEN TESTIFIED TO WAS DONALD TRUMP’S DESPERATE
TO WAS DONALD TRUMP’S DESPERATE CONCERN TO KEEP HIS ACADEMIC
CONCERN TO KEEP HIS ACADEMIC RECORDS FROM HIGH SCHOOL AND
RECORDS FROM HIGH SCHOOL AND COLLEGE HIDDEN FROM PUBLIC VIEW.
COLLEGE HIDDEN FROM PUBLIC VIEW. >> WHEN I SAY CON MAN, A MAN
>> WHEN I SAY CON MAN, A MAN THAT DECLARES HIMSELF BRILLIANT
THAT DECLARES HIMSELF BRILLIANT BUT DIRECTED ME TO THREATEN HIS
BUT DIRECTED ME TO THREATEN HIS HIGH SCHOOL, HIS COLLEGES, AND
HIGH SCHOOL, HIS COLLEGES, AND THE COLLEGE BOARD TO NEVER
THE COLLEGE BOARD TO NEVER RELEASE HIS GRADES OR S.A.T.
RELEASE HIS GRADES OR S.A.T. SCORES.
SCORES. AS I MENTIONED, I’M GIVING THE
AS I MENTIONED, I’M GIVING THE COMMITTEE TODAY COPIES OF A
COMMITTEE TODAY COPIES OF A LETTER I SENT AT MR. TRUMP’S
LETTER I SENT AT MR. TRUMP’S DIRECTION THREATENING THESE
DIRECTION THREATENING THESE SCHOOLS WITH CIVIL AND CRIMINAL
SCHOOLS WITH CIVIL AND CRIMINAL ACTIONS IF MR. TRUMP’S GRADES OR
ACTIONS IF MR. TRUMP’S GRADES OR S.A.T. SCORES WERE EVER
S.A.T. SCORES WERE EVER DISCLOSED WITHOUT HIS
DISCLOSED WITHOUT HIS PERMISSION.
PERMISSION. >> THE UNIVERSITY CONFIRMED THEY
>> THE UNIVERSITY CONFIRMED THEY WERE THREATENED TO KEEP DONALD
WERE THREATENED TO KEEP DONALD TRUMP’S TRANSCRIPT HIDDEN AND
TRUMP’S TRANSCRIPT HIDDEN AND THE UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA
THE UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA WHERE DONALD TRUMP TRANSFERRED
WHERE DONALD TRUMP TRANSFERRED MADE NO PUBLIC COMMENT AND "THE
MADE NO PUBLIC COMMENT AND "THE WASHINGTON POST" IS REPORTING
WASHINGTON POST" IS REPORTING FRIENDS OF DONALD TRUMP TRIED TO
FRIENDS OF DONALD TRUMP TRIED TO SEIZE HIS HIGH SCHOOL RECORDS IN
SEIZE HIS HIGH SCHOOL RECORDS IN 2011 RIGHT AFTER DONALD TRUMP
2011 RIGHT AFTER DONALD TRUMP SAID THAT HE WANTED PRESIDENT
SAID THAT HE WANTED PRESIDENT OBAMA TO QUOTE SHOW HIS RECORDS
OBAMA TO QUOTE SHOW HIS RECORDS BECAUSE DONALD TRUMP BELIEVED
BECAUSE DONALD TRUMP BELIEVED THAT BARACK OBAMA WAS QUOTE A
THAT BARACK OBAMA WAS QUOTE A TERRIBLE STUDENT.
TERRIBLE STUDENT. >> THE WORD IS, ACCORDING TO
>> THE WORD IS, ACCORDING TO WHAT I’VE READ THAT HE WAS A
WHAT I’VE READ THAT HE WAS A TERRIBLE STUDENT WHEN HE WENT TO
TERRIBLE STUDENT WHEN HE WENT TO OX DENTAL.
OX DENTAL. MAYBE THAT’S RIGHT OR WRONG BUT
MAYBE THAT’S RIGHT OR WRONG BUT I DON’T KNOW WHY HE DOESN’T
I DON’T KNOW WHY HE DOESN’T RELEASE HIS RECORDS.
RELEASE HIS RECORDS. >> IT’S AGAINST THE LAW FOR
>> IT’S AGAINST THE LAW FOR SCHOOLS TO PUBLICLY RELEASE
SCHOOLS TO PUBLICLY RELEASE STUDENT’S TRANSCRIPTS BUT IVY
STUDENT’S TRANSCRIPTS BUT IVY LEAGUE SCHOOLS LIKE THE
LEAGUE SCHOOLS LIKE THE UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA AND
UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA AND HARVARD WHERE BARACK OBAMA
HARVARD WHERE BARACK OBAMA GRADUATED FROM LAW SCHOOL DO
GRADUATED FROM LAW SCHOOL DO MAKE PUBLIC RECORDS OF THE
MAKE PUBLIC RECORDS OF THE STUDENTS WHO GRADUATE WITH
STUDENTS WHO GRADUATE WITH HONORS AND THEN IVY LEAGUE
HONORS AND THEN IVY LEAGUE SCHOOLS MOST STUDENTS ACTUALLY
SCHOOLS MOST STUDENTS ACTUALLY GRADUATE WITH HONORS, NOT
GRADUATE WITH HONORS, NOT GRADUATING WITH HONORS IS
GRADUATING WITH HONORS IS UNUSUAL IN IVY LEAGUE SCHOOLS.
UNUSUAL IN IVY LEAGUE SCHOOLS. THERE ARE THREE LEVELS.
THERE ARE THREE LEVELS. DONALD TRUMP DID NOT GRADUATE
DONALD TRUMP DID NOT GRADUATE WITH HONORS FROM THE UNIVERSITY
WITH HONORS FROM THE UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA.
OF PENNSYLVANIA. THAT IS PUBLIC INFORMATION.
THAT IS PUBLIC INFORMATION. AND THAT PUTS HIM SOMEWHERE IN
AND THAT PUTS HIM SOMEWHERE IN THE BOTTOM HALF OF HIS CLASS
THE BOTTOM HALF OF HIS CLASS ACADEMICALLY EVEN THOUGH THE
ACADEMICALLY EVEN THOUGH THE PRESIDENT ONCE CLAIMED TO HAVE
PRESIDENT ONCE CLAIMED TO HAVE GRADUATED AS THE NUMBER ONE
GRADUATED AS THE NUMBER ONE STUDENT IN HIS CLASS.
STUDENT IN HIS CLASS. BARACK OBAMA DID GRADUATE FROM
BARACK OBAMA DID GRADUATE FROM HARVARD LAW SCHOOL.
HARVARD LAW SCHOOL. WE HAVE THE BREAKING NEWS REPORT
WE HAVE THE BREAKING NEWS REPORT BY THE "WALL STREET JOURNAL"
BY THE "WALL STREET JOURNAL" THAT MICHAEL COHEN’S LAWYERS
THAT MICHAEL COHEN’S LAWYERS DISCUSSED THE POSSIBILITY OF A
DISCUSSED THE POSSIBILITY OF A PARDON AND REPORTED RUDY
PARDON AND REPORTED RUDY GIULIANI LEFT OPEN THE
GIULIANI LEFT OPEN THE POSSIBILITY THAT THE PRESIDENT
POSSIBILITY THAT THE PRESIDENT COULD GRANT MR. COHEN ONE IN THE
COULD GRANT MR. COHEN ONE IN THE FUTURE.
FUTURE. HERE IS WHAT MICHAEL COHEN SAID
HERE IS WHAT MICHAEL COHEN SAID ABOUT A PARDON LAST WEEK.
ABOUT A PARDON LAST WEEK. >> MY TESTIMONY CERTAINLY DOES
>> MY TESTIMONY CERTAINLY DOES NOT DIMINISH THE PAIN THAT I
NOT DIMINISH THE PAIN THAT I HAVE CAUSED MY FAMILY AND MY
HAVE CAUSED MY FAMILY AND MY FRIENDS.
FRIENDS. NOTHING CAN DO THAT.
NOTHING CAN DO THAT. AND I HAVE NEVER ASKED FOR NOR
AND I HAVE NEVER ASKED FOR NOR WOULD I ACCEPT A PARDON FROM
WOULD I ACCEPT A PARDON FROM PRESIDENT TRUMP.
PRESIDENT TRUMP. >> AND LEADING OFF OUR
>> AND LEADING OFF OUR DISCUSSION TONIGHT IS LANNY
DISCUSSION TONIGHT IS LANNY DAVIS, AN ATTORNEY FOR MICHAEL
DAVIS, AN ATTORNEY FOR MICHAEL COHEN.
COHEN. LANNY DAVIS, THANK YOU FOR
LANNY DAVIS, THANK YOU FOR JOINING US TONIGHT.
JOINING US TONIGHT. APPRECIATE IT.
APPRECIATE IT. I WANT TO START WITH THE PARDON
I WANT TO START WITH THE PARDON WHICH WE JUST INTRODUCED HERE.
WHICH WE JUST INTRODUCED HERE. THE "WALL STREET JOURNAL"
THE "WALL STREET JOURNAL" REPORTING WAS NOT THAT MICHAEL
REPORTING WAS NOT THAT MICHAEL COHEN PERSONALLY REQUESTED A
COHEN PERSONALLY REQUESTED A PARDON BUT HIS LAWYERS AT SOME
PARDON BUT HIS LAWYERS AT SOME POINT DISCUSSED THE POSSIBILITY
POINT DISCUSSED THE POSSIBILITY OF A PARDON WITH PRESIDENT
OF A PARDON WITH PRESIDENT TRUMP’S LAWYERS AND THAT RUDY
TRUMP’S LAWYERS AND THAT RUDY GIULIANI FOR ONE LEFT OPEN THE
GIULIANI FOR ONE LEFT OPEN THE POSSIBILITY.
POSSIBILITY. IS THAT ACCURATE REPORTING?
IS THAT ACCURATE REPORTING? >> YES, THE TIME PERIOD IS WHAT
>> YES, THE TIME PERIOD IS WHAT NEEDS TO BE STRESSED.
NEEDS TO BE STRESSED. MICHAEL COHEN LIED FOR DONALD
MICHAEL COHEN LIED FOR DONALD TRUMP FOR TEN YEARS AND IS GOING
TRUMP FOR TEN YEARS AND IS GOING TO PRISON IN PART BECAUSE OF A
TO PRISON IN PART BECAUSE OF A LIE TO CONGRESS AS WELL AS THE
LIE TO CONGRESS AS WELL AS THE COVERUP SCHEME THAT DONALD TRUMP
COVERUP SCHEME THAT DONALD TRUMP IS STILL PAYING FOR OR WAS
IS STILL PAYING FOR OR WAS PAYING FOR WHEN YOU SHOWED THOSE
PAYING FOR WHEN YOU SHOWED THOSE CHECKS.
CHECKS. THE STATEMENT THAT MICHAEL MADE
THE STATEMENT THAT MICHAEL MADE WAS AFTER HE MADE A DECISION AND
WAS AFTER HE MADE A DECISION AND I THINK I WAS PART OF THAT WHEN
I THINK I WAS PART OF THAT WHEN HE DECIDED TO EXPRESS HIS SHAME
HE DECIDED TO EXPRESS HIS SHAME FOR HIS PRIOR LIES WHEN HE WAS
FOR HIS PRIOR LIES WHEN HE WAS CERTAINLY LOOKING AT THE OPTION
CERTAINLY LOOKING AT THE OPTION OF PARDON WHEN THEY WERE
OF PARDON WHEN THEY WERE DANGLING THAT AS A WAY OF I
DANGLING THAT AS A WAY OF I THINK LURING PEOPLE TO STAY
THINK LURING PEOPLE TO STAY WITHIN THE TENT.
WITHIN THE TENT. AND THEN WHEN HE DECIDED ON JULY
AND THEN WHEN HE DECIDED ON JULY 2nd, 2018, I WILL NOT LIE
2nd, 2018, I WILL NOT LIE ANYMORE AND HE ASKED ME TO HELP
ANYMORE AND HE ASKED ME TO HELP HIM TELL THE TRUTH.
HIM TELL THE TRUTH. SO THAT SENTENCE, WHICH I HELPED
SO THAT SENTENCE, WHICH I HELPED WRITE WAS ABOUT THE TIME PERIOD
WRITE WAS ABOUT THE TIME PERIOD AFTER HE DECIDED AS WE DECIDED
AFTER HE DECIDED AS WE DECIDED TO CALL IT HIS TURN TO THE TRUTH
TO CALL IT HIS TURN TO THE TRUTH AND AT THAT POINT, HE SAID TO ME
AND AT THAT POINT, HE SAID TO ME I WANT YOU TO PUBLICLY SAY I
I WANT YOU TO PUBLICLY SAY I WOULDN’T ACCEPT A PARDON IF HE
WOULDN’T ACCEPT A PARDON IF HE BEGGED ME TO TAKE IT, AND I SAID
BEGGED ME TO TAKE IT, AND I SAID ARE YOU SURE?
ARE YOU SURE? AND HE SAID YES.
AND HE SAID YES. AND I WENT OUT PUBLICLY AND I
AND I WENT OUT PUBLICLY AND I SAID HE WOULD NEVER ACCEPT A
SAID HE WOULD NEVER ACCEPT A PARDON AND THAT WAS THE
PARDON AND THAT WAS THE REFERENCE INTENDED BY THAT
REFERENCE INTENDED BY THAT SENTENCE.
SENTENCE. >> WHY WOULDN’T HE ACCEPT A
>> WHY WOULDN’T HE ACCEPT A PARDON?
PARDON? WHO HAS NOT ACCEPTED A PARDON?
WHO HAS NOT ACCEPTED A PARDON? >> WELL, I WAS DOUBTFUL WHEN HE
>> WELL, I WAS DOUBTFUL WHEN HE SAID IT TO ME.
SAID IT TO ME. HE WAS IN A GREAT, STRESSFUL
HE WAS IN A GREAT, STRESSFUL SITUATION WITH A WIFE AND TWO
SITUATION WITH A WIFE AND TWO KIDS AND LOOKING AT A PRISON
KIDS AND LOOKING AT A PRISON SENTENCE POTENTIALLY.
SENTENCE POTENTIALLY. AND HE HAD LIED FOR TEN YEARS
AND HE HAD LIED FOR TEN YEARS AND WAS EXPRESSING SHAME TO ME
AND WAS EXPRESSING SHAME TO ME AND I SAID ARE YOU WILLING TO
AND I SAID ARE YOU WILLING TO SAY THAT PUBLICLY?
SAY THAT PUBLICLY? AND YOU HAVE A DEEP HOLE AND YOU
AND YOU HAVE A DEEP HOLE AND YOU ARE A GOOD MAN, AND A GOOD
ARE A GOOD MAN, AND A GOOD FATHER BUT IN ORDER TO WIN
FATHER BUT IN ORDER TO WIN CREDIBILITY WHICH I SEE FROM THE
CREDIBILITY WHICH I SEE FROM THE POLLS HE HAS WON, YOU NEED TO BE
POLLS HE HAS WON, YOU NEED TO BE WILLING TO TELL THE TRUTH AND
WILLING TO TELL THE TRUTH AND ALL THE TRUTH AND PART OF THAT
ALL THE TRUTH AND PART OF THAT IS WOULD YOU ACCEPT A PARDON TO
IS WOULD YOU ACCEPT A PARDON TO GET OUT OF THIS FIXTURE AND FROM
GET OUT OF THIS FIXTURE AND FROM THIS MAN THAT YOU DESCRIBE AS
THIS MAN THAT YOU DESCRIBE AS HAVING DONE DIRTY DEEDS FOR FOR
HAVING DONE DIRTY DEEDS FOR FOR TEN YEARS AND HE SAID TO ME YES
TEN YEARS AND HE SAID TO ME YES AND THEN HE SAID I WANT YOU TO
AND THEN HE SAID I WANT YOU TO SAY THAT PUBLICLY MAYBE PEOPLE
SAY THAT PUBLICLY MAYBE PEOPLE WILL BELIEVE ME AND I DID.
WILL BELIEVE ME AND I DID. >> AND I WANT TO GET YOUR
>> AND I WANT TO GET YOUR REACTION ALSO TO WHAT WE’RE
REACTION ALSO TO WHAT WE’RE SEEING AS THE EXPANDING
SEEING AS THE EXPANDING INVESTIGATIONS.
INVESTIGATIONS. MICHAEL COHEN SPEAKS AND THE
MICHAEL COHEN SPEAKS AND THE REQUESTS FOR DOCUMENTS FLY.
REQUESTS FOR DOCUMENTS FLY. IT’S HARD TO REMEMBER A
IT’S HARD TO REMEMBER A CONGRESSIONAL REACTION LIKE THIS
CONGRESSIONAL REACTION LIKE THIS TO CONGRESSIONAL TESTIMONY OVER
TO CONGRESSIONAL TESTIMONY OVER 80 REQUESTS FOR DOCUMENTS FROM
80 REQUESTS FOR DOCUMENTS FROM THE WHITE HOUSE FROM TRUMP
THE WHITE HOUSE FROM TRUMP BUSINESSES, FROM OTHER
BUSINESSES, FROM OTHER GOVERNMENT ENTITIES, ALL ALMOST
GOVERNMENT ENTITIES, ALL ALMOST ALL OF THEM COMING OUT OF
ALL OF THEM COMING OUT OF MICHAEL COHEN’S TESTIMONY, WHICH
MICHAEL COHEN’S TESTIMONY, WHICH IS CONTINUING AS WE KNOW THERE
IS CONTINUING AS WE KNOW THERE WILL BE MORE MICHAEL COHEN
WILL BE MORE MICHAEL COHEN TESTIMONY TOMORROW MORNING.
TESTIMONY TOMORROW MORNING. IS THAT WHAT YOU EXPECTED
IS THAT WHAT YOU EXPECTED KNOWING, YOU KNEW IN ADVANCE
KNOWING, YOU KNEW IN ADVANCE WHAT MICHAEL COHEN’S TESTIMONY
WHAT MICHAEL COHEN’S TESTIMONY WAS GOING TO BE, DID YOU EXPECT
WAS GOING TO BE, DID YOU EXPECT IT TO PROVOKE THIS FOLLOWUP?
IT TO PROVOKE THIS FOLLOWUP? >> I HONESTLY DID BUT IT’S STILL
>> I HONESTLY DID BUT IT’S STILL MORE TO COME BECAUSE WE HAD A
MORE TO COME BECAUSE WE HAD A LIST OF SUBJECTS THAT WAS
LIST OF SUBJECTS THAT WAS BASICALLY MICHAEL COHEN’S
BASICALLY MICHAEL COHEN’S CONFESSION OF HIM FACILITATING
CONFESSION OF HIM FACILITATING THESE SUBJECTS OR HIS MEMORY OF
THESE SUBJECTS OR HIS MEMORY OF THEM.
THEM. AND ONE OF THEM FOR EXAMPLE, YOU
AND ONE OF THEM FOR EXAMPLE, YOU MENTIONED THE GRADES.
MENTIONED THE GRADES. HE THREATENED A MAJOR
HE THREATENED A MAJOR EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTION WITH
EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTION WITH CRIMINAL SANCTIONS IF THEY
CRIMINAL SANCTIONS IF THEY RELEASED DONALD TRUMP’S GRADES.
RELEASED DONALD TRUMP’S GRADES. ON ANOTHER OCCASION, MICHAEL
ON ANOTHER OCCASION, MICHAEL SAID TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE AND
SAID TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE AND TO EVERY SERVICEMAN AND EVERY
TO EVERY SERVICEMAN AND EVERY RURAL AMERICAN WHO CONSIDERS
RURAL AMERICAN WHO CONSIDERS THEMSELVES TO BE PATRIOTS LISTEN
THEMSELVES TO BE PATRIOTS LISTEN TO THIS, IF YOU VOTED FOR DONALD
TO THIS, IF YOU VOTED FOR DONALD TRUMP, HE SAID TO MICHAEL COHEN,
TRUMP, HE SAID TO MICHAEL COHEN, DON’T SAY ANYTHING IF PEOPLE ASK
DON’T SAY ANYTHING IF PEOPLE ASK FOR PROOF OF MY BONE SPUR THAT
FOR PROOF OF MY BONE SPUR THAT ALLOWED ME TO NOT GO TO VIETNAM,
ALLOWED ME TO NOT GO TO VIETNAM, AND THEN HE SAID QUOTE, YOU GOT
AND THEN HE SAID QUOTE, YOU GOT TO BE STUPID TO GO TO VIETNAM.
TO BE STUPID TO GO TO VIETNAM. MICHAEL WAS FORBIDDEN TO RESPOND
MICHAEL WAS FORBIDDEN TO RESPOND TO REPORTER’S QUESTIONS WHAT
TO REPORTER’S QUESTIONS WHAT TURNS OUT TO BE A FAKE ASSERTION
TURNS OUT TO BE A FAKE ASSERTION HE HAD A BONE ENTER TO GETSPUR T
HE HAD A BONE ENTER TO GETSPUR T SERVING AND HE SAID MR.
SERVING AND HE SAID MR. PRESIDENT, ISN’T IT IRONIC
PRESIDENT, ISN’T IT IRONIC PEOPLE HAVE TO BE STUPID TO
PEOPLE HAVE TO BE STUPID TO SERVE IN VIETNAM AND YOU’RE NOW
SERVE IN VIETNAM AND YOU’RE NOW IN VIETNAM.
IN VIETNAM. OF COURSE, IN A FAILED
OF COURSE, IN A FAILED NEGOTIATION WITH THE NORTH
NEGOTIATION WITH THE NORTH KOREAN LEADER BUT THAT’S THE
KOREAN LEADER BUT THAT’S THE KIND OF THING THAT IS GOING TO
KIND OF THING THAT IS GOING TO ENCOURAGE MORE INVESTIGATIONS.
ENCOURAGE MORE INVESTIGATIONS. HE LIED TO THE SECRET SERVICE.
HE LIED TO THE SECRET SERVICE. EXCUSE ME, THE SELECTIVE SERVICE
EXCUSE ME, THE SELECTIVE SERVICE ON HIS DRAFT DEFERMENTS AND
ON HIS DRAFT DEFERMENTS AND ALMOST EVERYTHING IN HIS
ALMOST EVERYTHING IN HIS TESTIMONY, IF YOU REREAD IT IS A
TESTIMONY, IF YOU REREAD IT IS A SUBJECT AREA THAT WILL BE
SUBJECT AREA THAT WILL BE GROUNDS FOR FURTHER
GROUNDS FOR FURTHER INVESTIGATION.
INVESTIGATION. >> I WANT TO GO TO WHAT ONE
>> I WANT TO GO TO WHAT ONE MEMBER OF THE COMMITTEE CALLED
MEMBER OF THE COMMITTEE CALLED THE SMOKING GUN AND THAT WAS THE
THE SMOKING GUN AND THAT WAS THE CHECK THAT MICHAEL COHEN
CHECK THAT MICHAEL COHEN PRODUCED WITH THE PRESIDENT’S
PRODUCED WITH THE PRESIDENT’S SIGNATURE ON IT WRITTEN IN
SIGNATURE ON IT WRITTEN IN AUGUST SO THAT’S ABOUT SIX
AUGUST SO THAT’S ABOUT SIX MONTHS INTO THE TRUMP
MONTHS INTO THE TRUMP PRESIDENCY, POSSIBLY SIGNED ON
PRESIDENCY, POSSIBLY SIGNED ON THAT DESK IN THE OVAL OFFICE
THAT DESK IN THE OVAL OFFICE BECAUSE THESE CHECKS HAD TO BE
BECAUSE THESE CHECKS HAD TO BE FEDEXED DOWN TO THE WHITE HOUSE
FEDEXED DOWN TO THE WHITE HOUSE SO THAT THE PRESIDENT HIMSELF
SO THAT THE PRESIDENT HIMSELF COULD SIGN THEM, THAT IS WHAT
COULD SIGN THEM, THAT IS WHAT THE PRESIDENT TOLD MICHAEL COHEN
THE PRESIDENT TOLD MICHAEL COHEN IN THE OVAL OFFICE ACCORDING TO
IN THE OVAL OFFICE ACCORDING TO MICHAEL COHEN.
MICHAEL COHEN. I NOTICED LANNY, THAT THE ONE
I NOTICED LANNY, THAT THE ONE THE PRESIDENT SIGNED IS NOT FROM
THE PRESIDENT SIGNED IS NOT FROM A BUSINESS ACCOUNT.
A BUSINESS ACCOUNT. IT IS NOT FROM A TRUMP COMPANY
IT IS NOT FROM A TRUMP COMPANY ACCOUNT.
ACCOUNT. IT SIMPLY HAS THE NAME DONALD J.
IT SIMPLY HAS THE NAME DONALD J. TRUMP ON IT THAT LOOKS TO ME
TRUMP ON IT THAT LOOKS TO ME LIKE A PERSONAL CHECK.
LIKE A PERSONAL CHECK. THAT WOULD BE A VERY ODD SOURCE
THAT WOULD BE A VERY ODD SOURCE FOR A BUSINESS PAYMENT, FOR IF
FOR A BUSINESS PAYMENT, FOR IF MICHAEL COHEN IS BEING RETAINED
MICHAEL COHEN IS BEING RETAINED BY THE BUSINESS IN A RETAINER
BY THE BUSINESS IN A RETAINER AGREEMENT, IT STRIKES ME AS ODD
AGREEMENT, IT STRIKES ME AS ODD THAT THE TRUMP BUSINESS ISN’T
THAT THE TRUMP BUSINESS ISN’T PAYING FOR THOSE LEGAL SERVICES.
PAYING FOR THOSE LEGAL SERVICES. >> WELL, FIRST OF ALL, I’M A
>> WELL, FIRST OF ALL, I’M A LAWYER AND I ALWAYS TRY TO USE
LAWYER AND I ALWAYS TRY TO USE THE WORD ALLEGED IF WE’RE
THE WORD ALLEGED IF WE’RE TALKING ABOUT CRIME BECAUSE
TALKING ABOUT CRIME BECAUSE EVERYONE IS ENTITLED TO DUE
EVERYONE IS ENTITLED TO DUE PROCESS INCLUDING DONALD TRUMP
PROCESS INCLUDING DONALD TRUMP BUT THERE IS LITERALLY NO WAY TO
BUT THERE IS LITERALLY NO WAY TO DESPITE THATCEMBER
DESPITE THATCEMBER DISPUTE HE COMMITTED A CRIME.
DISPUTE HE COMMITTED A CRIME. HE NOT ONLY WROTE A PERSONAL
HE NOT ONLY WROTE A PERSONAL CHECK BUT INVENTED A COVERUP
CHECK BUT INVENTED A COVERUP STORY IT WAS A RETAINER CHECK.
STORY IT WAS A RETAINER CHECK. THE WORD INVENTED AND FICTIONAL
THE WORD INVENTED AND FICTIONAL OR BOGUS WAS NOT MY OPINION, IT
OR BOGUS WAS NOT MY OPINION, IT IS A FACT THERE WAS NO RETAINER
IS A FACT THERE WAS NO RETAINER AGREEMENT.
AGREEMENT. IT WAS A SCHEME CONCOCTED BY
IT WAS A SCHEME CONCOCTED BY MICHAEL, BY DONALD TRUMP AND BY
MICHAEL, BY DONALD TRUMP AND BY MR. WEISSELBERG AS A WAY OF
MR. WEISSELBERG AS A WAY OF AVOIDING TRACING THE PAY OFF
AVOIDING TRACING THE PAY OFF MONEY, THE HUSH MONEY TO STORMY
MONEY, THE HUSH MONEY TO STORMY DANIELS.
DANIELS. THE PROSECUTORS AND THE U.S.
THE PROSECUTORS AND THE U.S. GOVERNMENT SAID THAT IN THE
GOVERNMENT SAID THAT IN THE INFORMATION STATEMENT ON
INFORMATION STATEMENT ON MICHAEL’S PLEA OF GUILT.
MICHAEL’S PLEA OF GUILT. THERE IS NO DOUBT THAT THE WORD
THERE IS NO DOUBT THAT THE WORD REIMBURSEMENT WAS THE
REIMBURSEMENT WAS THE REIMBURSEMENT OF MICHAEL COHEN
REIMBURSEMENT OF MICHAEL COHEN ADVANCING THE HUSH MONEY AND WHO
ADVANCING THE HUSH MONEY AND WHO SAID THE WORD REIMBURSEMENT
SAID THE WORD REIMBURSEMENT AFTER DONALD TRUMP DENIED
AFTER DONALD TRUMP DENIED KNOWING ANYTHING ABOUT THE
KNOWING ANYTHING ABOUT THE STORMY DANIELS PAYMENT AT ALL?
STORMY DANIELS PAYMENT AT ALL? RUDY GIULIANI ON TELEVISION
RUDY GIULIANI ON TELEVISION CALLED IT A REIMBURSEMENT TO
CALLED IT A REIMBURSEMENT TO MICHAEL COHEN.
MICHAEL COHEN. SO THERE WERE NO FACTS IN
SO THERE WERE NO FACTS IN DISPUTE THAT THE PRESIDENT OF
DISPUTE THAT THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES AS PRESIDENT
THE UNITED STATES AS PRESIDENT COMMITTED A FELONY.
COMMITTED A FELONY. LITERALLY, THERE IS NO WAY TO
LITERALLY, THERE IS NO WAY TO DECEMBER
DECEMBER DISPUTE THAT STATEMENT AND
DISPUTE THAT STATEMENT AND ALLEGED IS A WORD YOU HAVE TO
ALLEGED IS A WORD YOU HAVE TO USE.
USE. I CAN’T FIND THE ABILITY TO USE
I CAN’T FIND THE ABILITY TO USE THE WORD ALLEGED BECAUSE
THE WORD ALLEGED BECAUSE EVERYTHING I SAID IS
EVERYTHING I SAID IS UNDISPUTABLE FACT.
UNDISPUTABLE FACT. THAT SHOWS A FELONY, A
THAT SHOWS A FELONY, A CONSPIRACY TO PAY HUSH MONEY AND
CONSPIRACY TO PAY HUSH MONEY AND TO COVER IT UP.
TO COVER IT UP. >> TWO OF THE CHECKS WE’VE SEEN
>> TWO OF THE CHECKS WE’VE SEEN SO FAR APPARENTLY THERE ARE
SO FAR APPARENTLY THERE ARE GOING TO BE MORE AVAILABLE FOR
GOING TO BE MORE AVAILABLE FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION WERE SIGNED BY
PUBLIC INSPECTION WERE SIGNED BY ALAN WEISSELBERG AND DONALD
ALAN WEISSELBERG AND DONALD TRUMP JUNIOR AND THOSE WERE
TRUMP JUNIOR AND THOSE WERE TAKEN FROM THE TRUST ACCOUNT,
TAKEN FROM THE TRUST ACCOUNT, THE ACCOUNTS SET UP THAT DONALD
THE ACCOUNTS SET UP THAT DONALD TRUMP IS NOT SUPPOSED TO TOUCH,
TRUMP IS NOT SUPPOSED TO TOUCH, IT’S SUPPOSED TO BE THE
IT’S SUPPOSED TO BE THE SEPARATION OF THE TRUMP
SEPARATION OF THE TRUMP BUSINESSES FROM THE TRUMP
BUSINESSES FROM THE TRUMP PRESIDENCY.
PRESIDENCY. BUT ALAN WEISSELBERG PRESUMABLY
BUT ALAN WEISSELBERG PRESUMABLY HAS TESTIFIED OR BEEN QUESTIONED
HAS TESTIFIED OR BEEN QUESTIONED BY THE FBI ABOUT THIS IN NEW
BY THE FBI ABOUT THIS IN NEW YORK CITY SINCE THAT’S THE
YORK CITY SINCE THAT’S THE OFFICE THAT HAS BEEN PROSECUTING
OFFICE THAT HAS BEEN PROSECUTING THE MICHAEL COHEN CASE AND ALAN
THE MICHAEL COHEN CASE AND ALAN WEISSELBERG, DO YOU KNOW IF HE’S
WEISSELBERG, DO YOU KNOW IF HE’S TAKEN THE POSITION THERE WAS
TAKEN THE POSITION THERE WAS INDEED A RETAINER AGREEMENT FOR
INDEED A RETAINER AGREEMENT FOR MICHAEL COHEN’S LEGAL SERVICES
MICHAEL COHEN’S LEGAL SERVICES THAT THIS WAS PAYMENT FOR THAT
THAT THIS WAS PAYMENT FOR THAT HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH STORMY
HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH STORMY DANIELS?
DANIELS? >> THAT WAS THE COVER STORY I
>> THAT WAS THE COVER STORY I KNOW BECAUSE MR. WEISSELBERG AND
KNOW BECAUSE MR. WEISSELBERG AND MICHAEL AND MR. TRUMP TOGETHER
MICHAEL AND MR. TRUMP TOGETHER DECIDED THAT MICHAEL NEEDED TO
DECIDED THAT MICHAEL NEEDED TO DO IT TO AVOID IT BEING TRACED
DO IT TO AVOID IT BEING TRACED BECAUSE TW OR THREEO OR THREE DA
BECAUSE TW OR THREEO OR THREE DA AN ELECTION THAT TURNED OUT TO
AN ELECTION THAT TURNED OUT TO BE CLOSE AND WON BY MR. TRUMP.
BE CLOSE AND WON BY MR. TRUMP. THEY DID NOT WANT AFTER "ACCESS
THEY DID NOT WANT AFTER "ACCESS HOLLYWOOD", THE STORY ABOUT AN
HOLLYWOOD", THE STORY ABOUT AN ADULT FILM STAR BEING SUBJECT TO
ADULT FILM STAR BEING SUBJECT TO A HUSH MONEY PAYMENT.
A HUSH MONEY PAYMENT. MR. WEISSELBERG SAID I CAN’T
MR. WEISSELBERG SAID I CAN’T AFFORD IT AND WHY DON’T YOU DO
AFFORD IT AND WHY DON’T YOU DO IT FROM YOUR LINE OF CREDIT BUT
IT FROM YOUR LINE OF CREDIT BUT WE DON’T WANT IT TRACEABLE TO
WE DON’T WANT IT TRACEABLE TO THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION.
THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION. TO ANSWER YOUR QUESTION, MR.
TO ANSWER YOUR QUESTION, MR. WEISSELBERG WAS GIVEN LIMITED
WEISSELBERG WAS GIVEN LIMITED IMMUNITY BY THE FEDERAL
IMMUNITY BY THE FEDERAL PROSECUTORS IN THE SOUTH ENERN
PROSECUTORS IN THE SOUTH ENERN DISTRICT.
DISTRICT. MICHAEL HAD TO PLEAD GUILTY.
MICHAEL HAD TO PLEAD GUILTY. MR. WEISSELBERG WAS GIVEN IMMUNE
MR. WEISSELBERG WAS GIVEN IMMUNE IMMUNITY BUT LIMITED.
IMMUNITY BUT LIMITED. I DON’T KNOW THE ANSWER TO
I DON’T KNOW THE ANSWER TO WHETHER HE TOLD THE PROSECUTORS
WHETHER HE TOLD THE PROSECUTORS ABOUT THIS SCHEME AND TOLD THE
ABOUT THIS SCHEME AND TOLD THE TRUTH THAT THERE WAS NEVER A
TRUTH THAT THERE WAS NEVER A RETAINER.
RETAINER. THIS WAS A COVERUP BUT NOW THE
THIS WAS A COVERUP BUT NOW THE QUESTION IS HIS SIGNING THAT
QUESTION IS HIS SIGNING THAT CHECK AS IMPLEMENTING THIS HUSH
CHECK AS IMPLEMENTING THIS HUSH MONEY ILLEGAL SCHEME IS A CRIME.
MONEY ILLEGAL SCHEME IS A CRIME. AND THE QUESTION IS DID HE TELL
AND THE QUESTION IS DID HE TELL THE FEDERAL PROSECUTORS ABOUT
THE FEDERAL PROSECUTORS ABOUT THE SIGNING OF THESE CHECKS AT
THE SIGNING OF THESE CHECKS AT THE TIME HE WAS GRANTED LIMITED
THE TIME HE WAS GRANTED LIMITED IMMUNITY
IMMUNITY IMMUNITY, THAT’S SOMETHING
IMMUNITY, THAT’S SOMETHING BETWEEN HIM AND HIS LAWYER.
BETWEEN HIM AND HIS LAWYER. >> LANNY, WE SAW ON TELEVISION
>> LANNY, WE SAW ON TELEVISION THERE WASN’T A SINGLE REPUBLICAN
THERE WASN’T A SINGLE REPUBLICAN WHO WENT ANYWHERE NEAR THE
WHO WENT ANYWHERE NEAR THE SMOKING GUN.
SMOKING GUN. THEY WOULD NOT TOUCH THE SMOKING
THEY WOULD NOT TOUCH THE SMOKING GUN OF THE CHECK SIGNED BY
GUN OF THE CHECK SIGNED BY DONALD TRUMP AND THE OTHER CHECK
DONALD TRUMP AND THE OTHER CHECK SIGNED BY ALAN WEISSELBERG AND I
SIGNED BY ALAN WEISSELBERG AND I ME THERE HAS BEEN TESTIMONY
ME THERE HAS BEEN TESTIMONY BEHIND CLOSED DOORS AND CAN YOU
BEHIND CLOSED DOORS AND CAN YOU TELL US IF ANY REPUBLICANS HAVE
TELL US IF ANY REPUBLICANS HAVE AT ANY POINT CHALLENGED OR
AT ANY POINT CHALLENGED OR QUESTIONED MICHAEL COHEN AT ANY
QUESTIONED MICHAEL COHEN AT ANY POINT ABOUT THESE CHECKS?
POINT ABOUT THESE CHECKS? >> NO.
>> NO. AND I SAT THERE NOT NECESSARILY
AND I SAT THERE NOT NECESSARILY SURPRISED THAT THE REPUBLICANS
SURPRISED THAT THE REPUBLICANS ON THE HOUSE OVERSIGHT
ON THE HOUSE OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE, MANY OF THEM PEOPLE
COMMITTEE, MANY OF THEM PEOPLE THAT I RESPECT AND DESCENT
THAT I RESPECT AND DESCENT PEOPLE, DESCENT FRIENDS, DESCENT
PEOPLE, DESCENT FRIENDS, DESCENT PARENTS AND DESCENT HUMAN BEINGS
PARENTS AND DESCENT HUMAN BEINGS NEVER ONCE MENTIONED DONALD
NEVER ONCE MENTIONED DONALD TRUMP THROUGHOUT THE ENTIRE
TRUMP THROUGHOUT THE ENTIRE HEARING.
HEARING. THEY POUNDED AWAY AT WHAT
THEY POUNDED AWAY AT WHAT MICHAEL HAD ALREADY ADMITTED TO
MICHAEL HAD ALREADY ADMITTED TO IN SHAME THAT HE HAD LIED FOR
IN SHAME THAT HE HAD LIED FOR TEN YEARS FOR DONALD TRUMP, THAT
TEN YEARS FOR DONALD TRUMP, THAT HE HAD LIED TO CONGRESS AND HE
HE HAD LIED TO CONGRESS AND HE WAS GOING TO PRISON PAYING THE
WAS GOING TO PRISON PAYING THE PRICE.
PRICE. NOW ONE MEMBER OF THE HOUSE
NOW ONE MEMBER OF THE HOUSE OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE ON THE
OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE ON THE REPUBLICAN SIDE HAD THE DECENCY
REPUBLICAN SIDE HAD THE DECENCY TO AT LEAST GIVE HIM CREDIT FOR
TO AT LEAST GIVE HIM CREDIT FOR TAKING THE RESPONSIBILITY AND
TAKING THE RESPONSIBILITY AND PAYING THE PRICE AND NEVER ONCE
PAYING THE PRICE AND NEVER ONCE ASKED ABOUT THOSE CHECKS, ABOUT
ASKED ABOUT THOSE CHECKS, ABOUT THE PRESIDENT OF THEIR PARTY
THE PRESIDENT OF THEIR PARTY THAT I’M SURE THEY GENUINELY
THAT I’M SURE THEY GENUINELY BELIEVE IN.
BELIEVE IN. SO IT’S A REMARKABLE HYPOCRISY
SO IT’S A REMARKABLE HYPOCRISY THAT I WISH I COULD HAVE SEEN
THAT I WISH I COULD HAVE SEEN MORE FROM GOOD PEOPLE WHO ARE
MORE FROM GOOD PEOPLE WHO ARE REPUBLICANS SUPPORTING DONALD
REPUBLICANS SUPPORTING DONALD TRUMP.
TRUMP. >> LANNY, I HAVE A QUICK
>> LANNY, I HAVE A QUICK QUESTION UNRELATED TO THIS THAT
QUESTION UNRELATED TO THIS THAT GOES BACK TO THE IMPEACHMENT OF
GOES BACK TO THE IMPEACHMENT OF BILL CLINTON.
BILL CLINTON. THAT’S WHEN YOU BECAME ONE OF
THAT’S WHEN YOU BECAME ONE OF THE MOST PROMINENT LAWYERS IN
THE MOST PROMINENT LAWYERS IN AMERICA IN YOUR DEFENSE OF
AMERICA IN YOUR DEFENSE OF PRESIDENT CLINTON AND THAT’S
PRESIDENT CLINTON AND THAT’S WHEN THE COUNTRY MET LINDSEY
WHEN THE COUNTRY MET LINDSEY GRAHAM FOR THE FIRST TIME.
GRAHAM FOR THE FIRST TIME. HE WAS A MEMBER OF THE HOUSE
HE WAS A MEMBER OF THE HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE WHO WAS A
JUDICIARY COMMITTEE WHO WAS A PROSECUTOR OF THE CASE AGAINST
PROSECUTOR OF THE CASE AGAINST BILL CLINTON IN THE SENATE
BILL CLINTON IN THE SENATE IMPEACHMENT TRIAL AND TODAY.
IMPEACHMENT TRIAL AND TODAY. I’M NOT SURE YOU’RE AWARE OF
I’M NOT SURE YOU’RE AWARE OF THIS.
THIS. LINDSEY GRAHAM HAD A MEETING
LINDSEY GRAHAM HAD A MEETING WITH THE PRESIDENT AND WHICH HE
WITH THE PRESIDENT AND WHICH HE TOLD THE PRESIDENT TO FOLLOW THE
TOLD THE PRESIDENT TO FOLLOW THE BILL CLINTON MODEL IN HANDLING
BILL CLINTON MODEL IN HANDLING HIMSELF IN THE PRESIDENCY WHILE
HIMSELF IN THE PRESIDENCY WHILE UNDER INVESTIGATION AND JUST DO
UNDER INVESTIGATION AND JUST DO THE BUSINESS OF THE PRESIDENT
THE BUSINESS OF THE PRESIDENT AND STAY AWAY FROM THE
AND STAY AWAY FROM THE INVESTIGATION AND HE SAID TO THE
INVESTIGATION AND HE SAID TO THE PRESIDENT ACCORDING TO LINDSEY
PRESIDENT ACCORDING TO LINDSEY GRAHAM HIMSELF, BILL CLINTON IS
GRAHAM HIMSELF, BILL CLINTON IS A GOOD MODEL FOR THE PRESIDENT
A GOOD MODEL FOR THE PRESIDENT TO FOLLOW.
TO FOLLOW. DID YOU EVER THINK YOU’D LIVE TO
DID YOU EVER THINK YOU’D LIVE TO SEE THE DAY WHERE BILL CLINTON
SEE THE DAY WHERE BILL CLINTON IMPEACHMENT PROSECUTOR WOULD
IMPEACHMENT PROSECUTOR WOULD TELL A REPUBLICAN PRESIDENT TO
TELL A REPUBLICAN PRESIDENT TO FOLLOW THE MODEL OF BILL CLINTON
FOLLOW THE MODEL OF BILL CLINTON WHEN UNDER INVESTIGATION?
WHEN UNDER INVESTIGATION? >> LET ME THINK ABOUT THIS, NO.
>> LET ME THINK ABOUT THIS, NO. I GOT TO KNOW LINDSEY GRAHAM
I GOT TO KNOW LINDSEY GRAHAM AFTER DEBATING MANY TIMES ON
AFTER DEBATING MANY TIMES ON TELEVISION AND FRIENDSHIP WITH
TELEVISION AND FRIENDSHIP WITH SENATOR McCAIN AND JOE IS
SENATOR McCAIN AND JOE IS ANOTHER WAY I GOT TO KNOW HIM.
ANOTHER WAY I GOT TO KNOW HIM. ALL I CAN SAY ABOUT SENATOR
ALL I CAN SAY ABOUT SENATOR GRAB, THERE IS MUCH ABOUT HIM I
GRAB, THERE IS MUCH ABOUT HIM I LIKE BUT THE DISAPPOINTMENT IS
LIKE BUT THE DISAPPOINTMENT IS THAT IN HONOR OF JOHN McCAIN, HE
THAT IN HONOR OF JOHN McCAIN, HE IS SUPPORTING A PRESIDENT WHO
IS SUPPORTING A PRESIDENT WHO DISPARAGED JOHN McCAIN AS NOT
DISPARAGED JOHN McCAIN AS NOT BEING A HERO BECAUSE HE GOT
BEING A HERO BECAUSE HE GOT CAPTURED AS MISSING IN ACTION
CAPTURED AS MISSING IN ACTION AND AS A PRISONER OF WAR, EXCUSE
AND AS A PRISONER OF WAR, EXCUSE ME.
ME. SO I JUST FIND A GREAT
SO I JUST FIND A GREAT DISAPPOINTMENT IN LINDSEY GRAHAM
DISAPPOINTMENT IN LINDSEY GRAHAM EVEN THOUGH WE STILL HAVE A
EVEN THOUGH WE STILL HAVE A FRIENDSHIP.
FRIENDSHIP. I’M UTTERLY BAFFLED THAT HE
I’M UTTERLY BAFFLED THAT HE WOULD AFTER ALL THAT HE SAID
WOULD AFTER ALL THAT HE SAID ABOUT DONALD TRUMP DURING HIS
ABOUT DONALD TRUMP DURING HIS PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN AND CLOSE
PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN AND CLOSE FRIENDSHIP WITH JOHN McCAIN THAT
FRIENDSHIP WITH JOHN McCAIN THAT HE WOULD STILL BE THAT
HE WOULD STILL BE THAT SUPPORTIVE OF PRESIDENT TRUMP.
SUPPORTIVE OF PRESIDENT TRUMP. >> WELL, I HAVE MUCH MORE TO SAY
>> WELL, I HAVE MUCH MORE TO SAY ABOUT WHAT LINDSEY GRAHAM SAID
ABOUT WHAT LINDSEY GRAHAM SAID TODAY AT THE END OF THE SHOW